Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
...is death by fire.
So this is the place that's to be my castle, then?
The Rookie Fire Soldier Games?
It's a contest where all the rookies that joined up this year
compete against each other with their abilities, and it's coming up.
You and the other new recruit who will be arriving today
will be the ones who are representing us.
Today? There's a new recruit?
That's right.
Um, Captain, will there be anyone other than us rookies at this contest?
Yeah. I'll be coming to cheer you on.
There may be other crew members who know about that fire.
Yo, Devil.
What the hell are you doing here, you damn knight?
I'm here to slay a devil.
What was that, you onion-headed bastard? Let's take this outside--
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, rooftop"
"Alcohol"
Here, Sputter.
You really are something else, Maki-san,
freely controlling flames at will like that.
I wouldn't say that. I'm only a second generation,
so unlike a third generation like Shinra, I need a fire starter to create my flames.
That's hot!
Today's the day I'm going to settle this!
I'm going to show you the difference between our firepowers.
Actually, who are you?
My name is Arthur Boyle--
the Knight King.
"Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Arthur Boyle"
Are you the princesses of this castle?
--Huh? --Huh? Princesses?
Ah, you must be the third-generation Fire Soldier joining us today.
Hmph.
Shinra, do you know him?
Yes. We were at the Academy together.
I told him that knights were wussier than heroes,
so midway through, he tacked "King" onto "Knight."
Sneaky, am I right?
Hmph.
O-Okay.
He tries to play at being tightlipped and cool, but he's just an idiot.
He's too stupid to come up with anything to say.
And yet...
--And yet what? --And yet what?
Somehow, he's still popular.
Ah, yes. That.
Hmph.
I'm the one with the stronger will, though!
"Knight"
That's because knights are way more cool.
--Ah! --Kings. Knight Kings.
"Knight King"
--Kings. Knight Kings.
Shinra-san...
You're cool, too.
Show me that awkward smile of yours, Devil.
What did you say?
What are you doing?
Lieutenant Hinawa! The new recruit, Arthur,
and Shinra have apparently known each other since the Academy.
"Head Spa"
Sputter!
Fire Soldiers do not play with fire.
Y-Yes, sir.
So you're Arthur?
Yeah. Nice working with you.
Hey, he's a lieutenant.
Everyone is equal before the round table.
Don't sweat it.
Is that something for a subordinate to say?
Látom.
Whatever.
The Rookie Games are coming up soon, and I want to see what you've got.
Use your abilities as hard as you like.
Maki, take these two on.
Huh? Who, me?
Is there anyone else here named "Maki"?
I beg your pardon!
Shinra will lead off.
Are we really supposed to fight?
You don't have to hold back.
Is Maki-san going to be all right? Those two are both third generation.
That won't be a problem.
Maki is an ex-soldier. She knows how to destroy a man.
Well, let's hurry up and get started.
Shinra!
I thought I was dead!
Isn't Maki-san overdoing it a little?
Appearances to the contrary,
Shinra is fairly capable of rational decision-making.
However, being a third-generation pyrokinetic makes him overconfident.
You won't get me like you did him.
Excalibur!
It didn't go out!
So it's a plasma cutter.
My Excalibur can't be dampened as easily as Shinra's flames.
But a knight can't very well do harm to a princess, either.
You're forgetting your knightly manners.
Knights kneel in the presence of princesses, remember?
You'll answer to me for your rudeness toward Lieutenant Hinawa.
Why, you! So you're not a princess, but an ogre?!
Who are you calling a gorilla cyclops?!
I never said that! Don't you even understand human speech, she-ogre?!
Leave it to a flame-manipulating third generation to throw fuel on a fire.
Don't forget about me!
Huh? How come you've got such an ogre-like look on your face?
Not you, too, Shinra-san.
If I can't snuff out your flames...
What's this flared-up business, now?
Huh?
Excalibur, too?
Make that Ex-Sputter-bur.
Ex-Sputter-bur?!
"Devil" and "Knight" indeed. If we follow their pattern,
then I guess that makes Maki a "Witch," doesn't it?
Sputter! Flare!
Come forth, Bobobo-bobo-bobo!
"Bo"?
Would you like to keep going?
What choice do we have? Arthur, if you say you're out, then...
Shinra, if you'll give up, then I guess that's that.
Bobobo-bobo-bobo!
"Episode 2: The Heart of a Fire Soldier"
"Ippudo Ramen"
--I can definitely eat faster than him! --I can definitely eat faster than him!
Make sure to chew before you swallow.
"Chew-chew"
"Gulp"
Pops, top off their noodles, extra-firm, please.
"Watch us next week, too!"
--Thank you for the food! --Thank you for the food!
Delish grub, Captain.
Hey, mind your tone.
Yeah, glad to hear it.
That restaurant is delish.
Captain Obi sure is nice. Does anything ever make him mad?
Hmm? What's the matter, Shinra?
N-Nothing at all, sir.
Okay.
Training right after eating isn't good for you,
so I guess there's no choice but to do some office work.
Why's it no good?
I mean, he's already taken up with that idiot.
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, shooting range"
So this is the Type 7?
The Type 7 Firefighting Ax.
When you pull the trigger, a Sacred Spike shoots out of the ax's end.
I don't need one of those.
I have Excalibur here.
A plasma cutter--
an ultra-hot, ultra-dense blade,
consisting of plasma created from your own flames
and emitted from the hilt of a sword.
It's true, with pyrokinetic abilities, you might not need the Type 7.
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, equipment room" "Special Club"
Every time I head out, I have to equip over 30 kilos of gear,
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, equipment room" "Pile Bunker"
"Pile Bunker"
"Improved Type 2 Fire Ax"
and maintenance takes time, too.
"Extinguisher Grenades"
It sure would help us if we could hurry up and get an engineer.
"Extinguisher"
"Type 7 Firefighting Ax"
Take some pressure off the lieutenant.
"Special Shield"
I don't really mind, actually.
An Infernal has appeared in Taito-ku, Iriya District, sir!
This one's a fire in a detached house.
It's conceivable that we'll have to put them to rest in close quarters.
Shinra...
This may also place limits on your ability.
Take the Type 7.
Keep your weapons hidden inside your turnout coats.
Under no circumstances display them publicly.
This is a quiet fire scene.
Papa... and Mama... Why? I'm going to be next...
Apparently, her mother also Infernalized two years ago.
And now, it's her father?
That's rough.
Captain Obi?
Let's do this one nice and gently for her.
I hear there have been a lot of strange incidents at fire scenes lately.
Stay on your toes.
Everyone, prepare to move in!
--Roger! --Roger!
Shinra, Arthur, step over here.
Didn't I tell you not to display your weapons in public?
Why not? There's no such rule in the Fire Soldiers' regulations.
They didn't say anything at the Training Academy, either.
Excalibur is my pride.
Why should I have to keep it hidden?
Our duty as Fire Soldiers is to fight Infernals and put them to rest.
Infernals were once human.
While we may call it "putting them to rest," what we are really doing...
There are those among the Fire Soldiers
who consider themselves part of a sacred ministry,
and seek out joy in engaging Infernals in combat.
But what about the feelings of the survivors they leave behind?
Those who are being put to rest when we fight are somebody's dear relatives.
Never show your weapons in front of the next of kin.
If you can't do that, then I don't want you in my unit.
Yes, sir.
He's right. If I'm not there for those that are left behind,
then I'm not a true hero.
The flames have changed! Did the Infernal inside do that?
The fire is sneering at us!
It's hard to believe that an Infernal, with no sense of self, could be doing this.
We're moving in!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
Infernal located.
He's just sitting there quietly, huh?
Why is this happening?
Captain,
let me be the one to put him to rest.
Hang on a second. That Infernal still hasn't done anything yet.
Don't be a dumbass!
The man is sitting there enduring the tremendous pain of those flames.
We have to put him out of his misery, quickly.
1706.
Moving to put the Infernal to rest.
We cannot allow you to suffer any more pain than this.
Sister, the prayer.
Right.
The flame is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul...
Return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
--Látom. --Látom.
Is that painful?
Yes... for me...
That's how it should be for you now. The most terrifying thing in this job...
...is getting accustomed to it.
What was that?!
It's collapsing! Everybody out!
Captain!
C-Captain!
I don't know whose doing this is, but I train every day.
This is taking things too far!
There's something funny afoot in the Special Fire Force.
This is just a little joke.
Captain, are you hurt?
I'm fine.
Could some malicious third party have targeted us?
I don't know.
But there's no way I'll ever permit anyone to disturb a fire scene
that is still full of memories for the survivors.
I swear I'll catch them.
Though right now, we're heading back.
I'm... going to burn, too, someday.
Papa... Mama...
Mikako-san...
Your father valiantly faced the flames, and won.
Your father and your mother must have been protecting you from the flames.
That's what I believe.
Papa... Mama...
I'm sorry I couldn't do anything.
This is about all any of us can do.
Which is exactly why we're there for the survivors as much as possible,
and charge into a sea of flames.
Go to sleep, Devil.
There's nothing there that the likes of you can see.
You're wasting your time.
Sometimes you see things by closing your eyes.
What are you saying?
If you don't know, then go to sleep, Devil.
You don't mean...
...you...
Just showing a little compassion, as a knight.
Ah!
...King. Knight King.
Hey... What?
Don't talk to me just because you can't sleep.
Heh, you may be a devil, but it still wouldn't do to kill you in your sleep.
Just be grateful I'm a knight and go to sleep.
Ah.
...King. Knight King.
Now I know you're doing it on purpose.
I... We have to put a stop to this spontaneous human combustion, fast.
"To be continued"
"Next time"
"Episode 3: The Rookie Fire Soldier Games"